these people b disrespectful out here
N what's good homie
N shits all hibachi
N chillin bruh give tha streets what they been lackin u alreadii bars on deck
N i still havent gone yet im debating
N lmfaoooo i work wit a dred to homie  is funny
oo shouts to my ace boon coon my brotha N for makin that lil cameo yesterday by tha crib
N only when we have to otherwise we good to go aint nobody perfect u kno
N yoooo did u play that for me
N pull up and say something stupppiddd like "what ya think" jeezy voice lmfaoooooo
N hell yeah pc at work today wowwwww i'm def mobbin
smoked out in harlem sauced wit tower R noe ripskinz we headed towards bklyn now twiz off them nemos
good girls gone bad the city is full of them lol
N helll yeah ya hit me up this weekend cuz we all mobbin so tell payso
N riiiiiite riiiiiiite
shouts to all my niRas word aint see ya in a min lol ......
N yooooooo what's goood early grind i see
u heard tha homie men lie woman lie but them numbers dont
classic shit shakin through tha air waves im on my high definition ish
N  U
right now i'm at live nation ima try to take a pic i'm every where
U - sumthin light for a saturday
N lmfao i guess that's what they wanted tha world kno but in all reality it was that sour lol
shouts to my whole team we was so sauced last nite anotha epic night in tha books
N ur not a boy but u stilll part of tha movement mile high yupppppp
well tha mornin u already
shoutz out to tha nigga in tha convertible lambo sour diseal green this shit looks retarded
back to the crib bout to hit stealth mode i def enjoyed my weekend
im feelin great about myself thanks u kno how to put a smile on my face ...
N lmfaoooo what's good
N what crackin u say brotha that dutch right as we speak debating go to tha gucci store or hit up tha beach its a toss up
N goooooooood morning
if u gettin money jus throw it in tha bag ..... fab throw it in tha bag remix
me trash neva ... what do ya think overall im on my sky high shit no time for any bullshit time to show u what im made of
i'm in the greatest shape of my life R brolic who wanna fight
where is N son been m.i.a for a few hours brotha i kno u up  to sumthin .....
N u look like the head actor from blue hill ave .......
N i must of seen u wit like R coronas
shouts out to my nigga from tha flight club that put me on to tha j's i got on now i stay wit exclusive shit ima trend setta
so moral of tha story don't talk it if u don't got it or live risk the embarassment
N yoooo that remilx was toooo funny
i reached my destination ya need me hit me on tha landline u got a problem wit me jus speak my name other wise nigga shut tha fuck R voice
N that's from the clipse new track on worldstar check that
sometime people tend to make my job a lil hard idiots don't realize how heavy this shit be that i gotta carry push lift etc
note everything brotha N is writin is tru lmfao
good mornin to all good mornin to my lady good mornin to all u workin ladies enjoy this day cuz i am
N jus uploaded it ima send u tha link in R minutes
i'm by R park sendin out a kite hit me up
N aint shit my niRa in tha crib on stealth
N get me tha info for a crash landin spot in tha burbs asap
N cmon kid go bite tha sidewalk american history x style
#hoodrats be coke heads on tha low that dont look good lol
N fuck u talkin bout now
dred always callin me fat fat boy chubby fatso nigga got a new name everyday i'm not even that fat
i promised myself no more bcuz i got a few more things on mind besides sneakers and clothes thats a must
look at this girls chin she got tha chin like that cartoon the tick i think she's a man what do ya say U
N they ask questions i don't like questions lol
N U loooookin well organized there ima look into that good lookin
right now listenin to a classic smooth criminal N track and N off tha spilt personalities beat retarded
N king of new york shit  sumthin like that movie blow
yeah yeah yeah yeh yeh yeh what it is crimwave nigga
u kno ur in for a long day when u come into tha warehouse and niggas is quiet lol fuck it
N yoooo whats good
N lmfao aaaaaaaaaaaa thank god i was jus askin
this just in bradpiff got the key to the city as of this moment sky park is goin to be known as mile high park way ...... mile high eerthing
N where u at by ur uncles
fuck it niRas actin funny style ....
failure is somthing i wont accept so im takin bets (princefeva) u alreadiii
ok anotha episode  wit sour vin diesal breathin this fine air as i tweet enjoyin tha view of all these ladies
N i threw a box of candy at tha car did you hear it
listenin to some relaxing music this mornin jus layin bed thinkin should i move a few things around in tha room
tryin to convince me to go away till tomorrow i aint wit it so im not hearin tha end of it
N that nigga was hilarious
N stash lookin like a debate in tha un nothin but dead politicians sumthin like a graveyard bruh
what's goin on here today
shouts to N that album is a must have .....im listenin to tha album now
N count me in brotha
i appreciate life and all it has to offer i'm sayin that bcuz i jus saw sumthin that made me value life more bcuz not everyone is as
so actin like an asshole could leave u wit an open cheek bars on deck holla at me
ho if u couldnt play by tha rules u should of stood single ... well said let me school u rules to a wifey well said bruh i read female eyes
and got no results a.r ave larceny fam serious words
so i'm at the rolling stones magazines office mile high boys gonna be on tha cover soon U
you kno what'll happen
N gagery whats goodington broington its piffington hit tha phonington u understadington lol
U - N this is how i start off my sat ... lol that sour
i want to be foreva young bpR so i'm livin life like a video
run down of whats gonna go down a five pack of dutches a R of piff real talk a nice nemo and than all hells breakin loose
N me too nice enjoy it
so its gonna be a great day R pc. today plus my check
shouts to @ princefeva and tha whole harlem piff gets mad love shouts to greenteam and tha whole alliance splash
N yooo what u threw at my window yesterday lol i was dyin laughin sittin down i jus heard like a rock hit my window mad loud
moral of tha story R thousand saved in two months .... lets do it again
N nah i didnt kno it was like that i was talkin bout  that whole trust shit ... but ur right that shit is wrong period i should kno
N we need drivers ill talk to my boss
N no complains yet this shit comes in handy
chillin by tha united nations embassy feelin tony montana in scarface when he shoots tha nigga no woman no kids lol
its piff and i'm chasin that money like its a R meter dash
at jpmorgan chase than tha federal reserve than off to staten island next run back to tha city
N lol its a ceaser but ok i wasnt gonna grow it it was a one time thing it was a faze lol
N so many options to go kill em out in hk i d k ill surpirse ya sumthin light R flyboy u dig
N lmfao u alreadii  bro what u doin tonight
N for dolo i met up wit my homies from red hook
dance wit her what tha hell mom lol
big shouts to my lil cuzins over on R and lex they grown up now they can hang wit there cuzzo piffington crazii my grandma lived there
N i kno bro but that early mornin grind pays off
N N N tweet tweet what's gooood
whats good twitter world talk to me
its all good from next week on ima straight stack my bread no spending i got to shit on a few people so i will entirely
N yung whats good obie one
same promotion diff fight lol ask me if i give a fuck product of tha R's
N tell me about it bro lmfao
shouts to my big sis she should be home soon been R yrs in tha bing out in dr she out on parole but we waitin for her passport
N morning ms jonez tell mike call piff
N mornin enjoy ur day its very cold out
if ya was seein what i'm seein lmfaooo damn this shit is like tha movie malibus most wanted in here
N i'm in there for sureeee
on anotha note this lady at tha desk is talkin up a storm shes like R i got my headphones on she still dont get tha point lol smh
U - from yesterday to today R more  pairs
N jus when i thought i was out tha game pulled me back in hk later who knows afta this brown water
so im arriving down town and obamas in town causin rukus is police everywhere army all sorts of shit
this is tha main one we use big diff U
yoo someone send out a kite follow me my life is a movie spread tha word
i need an engineer to come and fix this protoools set up asap someone holla at me
N stand clear
we more than ten steps ahead of u where #mileshigher
N whats good
U - this is my cat this bitch is crazy afta that pic i almost got my eyes clawed out smh
havin a drink in the crib wit tha homie N
N tweet tweet whats good homie
N yooooo that food was official who made that
N ill beat u up twit video it post it and show everyone u gettin a wedgie whats good gomba
N lol u got a stalker huh or maybe a fan mase him now ask questions later
N jus make sure the moment that mixtape hits the streets send that in hood environment representa u already
this niRa N screamin out my window mad loud like trey songz dead ass this nigga is screamin "yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuupppp" mad loud
N damn u watchin bums wit a nose bleed thats fucked up
N i beat him badder than rufus from bum fights i got a tiny bruise on my arm N looks like a blu berry pause
he's walkin pretty fast and i say to myself imagine if he falls and what happens next he fell broke tha vase lmfa i started laughin odee
i love this weather ohyeah
N he wit me on Rrd bout to mobb to hk
N hit me on tha landline
welcome to tha adventures of bradley. piffington tune in spread tha word tell a friend follow me
this niRa &jaymoolah looks like the older brotha from malcom in the middle
N post it nigga i slapped tha shit out of u when u hear a slap thats my hand slapiin this fag bag
shouts to g-boy for leavin me a copy of that kid cudi offish
jus left wall st stock exchange feel like investin in myself talk about inspiration bein in here is straight if u aint talkin money who r u
chillin wit my team in tha bronx bout to get sauced
N well said
U - westchester bound sour in the air
damn i gotta get on my christmas shoppin shit gotta buy lil sis a labtop moms jewelery pops a few hundred big sis her ticket home hopefully
N mornin mile high sis how was it yesterday
watch and see what happens yeah thats how tha fuck i feel right now
N yooooooo my niRa u missed tha smokathon shit was crazy ..... looked like a seen from the movie backdraft smoke everywhere
N thats y tha guards was tight lmfao
N u alreadiiiiiiiiiiiii
its official up there been there a few times
soo i jus made anotha pay check winters comin stackin season
niRas was literally splashin ...
i got it if u needed a reminder lol
who eva agrees retweet and ill get my phone today and back to tha adventures of bradlee piffington
this niRa lost it he will neva eva be tha same ..... U
we off that... idiots i tell ya lol
U - on my fly boy  shit saving those for aviators photoshoot  .....
goooood morning so far my day has started good off to tha city that neva sleeps
N i heard about that lol r u really cleanin ur house wit heels
and once again u cant close this shpw with bumpin my brotha N track beautiful ima jus vibe out to this one chuuch
N yooo what it is
N yeah  crazy
N yooooo whats good
breakfast than off to tha city i go U
this is really the bang bus lol ride at your own risk  U
N what's wrong bad day so far
thats y  the y call him red lol
N tha was so week listen im'  retaliate ill give u a few chances b u cant fuck wit my buzzz
dont confuse me wit tha suckas cuz when i spit u hear more ooooo's  than tha moves at tha ruckas banks smashed this track
funny shit is that  i catch myself singin along to some of them lmfao
bout to get tickets today to jay_z R/R concert at tha garden gonna get ti ckets later oh yeah
N shit my niRa cleanin  up this mess than who knos
all mile high crew check in we linkin tonight like at R holla at me
bushwick bully ask about me
N i got some footage of u from fevas video i got u my niRa ima put u in tha video asap
N they cooked already i work in them shits but ill send u anotha flick if u beg to differ
welcome to my life ima get it how i live it u aint no different from me
i'm gettin tha best massage right now from this massage chair damn this shit feels good afta a quick shave by my barber
N U lmfaooo i aint ask how he brought a whole onion back i doubt he boofed it cmon twin
N sup young
ladies how are ya this morning talk to piff
N awww thank you u enjoy ur day as well
i'm goin in so where should i beginnnn
shouts to all my real niggas u filthy animals u
dub number two of that sour is in the air
N cut that jealous shit out
im in tha crib burnin more trees than a forest fire
N what's goood crazy weekend u missed out sat
aiight tha video is officially edited so check it out through this link click here U
back for second route now for the real work off to tha city yuppppppppppp
finished up this community service goin back to tha crib get my call of duty on while tha piff clouds is in tha air
when i could ima build a castle as high as tha clouds not to get closer to god but to get away from all ya splash sky high
mile high shit U
N yo bro whats good what u doin today
N how's the princess bruh
man i wanted to go home today, but didn't wanna attempt the drive cause i'm not feelin well...stuck in rottonchester another day smh!
N yes table should be ready by R.but we're all meetin in front
#tpainbetter get some makeup that matches his face in his videos!! his face be lookin ashy as hell!!!
i'm in my nephews little bed again, eatin cheap chocolate! feel like a kid again lol
N i know sad! there's was a lot of em too!! lol
N lmfao! how bout hummhadified!!!
N what's ur email
N i'm hostin a party/comedy show on thurs if u wanna come! U
N girl they pick the coo-koos! if ur too intelligent and normal they wont pick u!
N okay pimpin...i see you lol
N definitely not the other way around!! huge difference!
N thats what im talkin bout! my car is black on black! and i love black cards ;-)
pulverizing these junior mints right now!
N u comin tonight woman?
watchin old school videos, jay-z, mase, big, wow memories!!! the good old days.....
N theyre all boys for that game! i dont kno why they all love that crap!
N N lmfao!!!
N well dont say i didnt worn u!! i hope its not the swine flu :-/
currently feeling and looking like a million bucks! tried all the face and eye creams in neimans, and was conned into buying la mer...smh!
N umm yea sure! dont blow my spot if u dont want urs blown biatch!! haha!!
N hell noooooo!! told u i don't be out like that! shit was trash!
i love shoes!!! and ass kissers!!! lmfao!
N awww miss u too!! u really shoulda came!! sh*t is craaazzzy!!! crackin!!
N heyyy im offended! we need our duck sauce just like yall need ur bananas ;-p
dear telemarketer, who calls my house everyday at the crack of dawn....die!!! ...sincerely, dana lee
N lmao...i think everyone has the hots for her!
N i kno!! hmm lemme see wassup wit this wkend
N uh oh! dont get me started again!
N N lmao! @ u guys!!! n she does think she's hot cause she has a fat ass!! lol
N hahahah ur killing me wit the twitter bone'n ur fav friends!!! lmfao
thank u thank u everyone! ur far too kind! i know i'm the best photographer to ever do it...i should just shoot myself ...in the mirror! lol
my fcking head is pounding and not feelin so good... i hope no one on those planes had the damn swine flu!! :-?
i hate after a video shoot i can't get the damn song out my head! ahhhh!!
staying in bed trying to get better today, n my baby is forcing me to watch all these dwarf reality shows! she's fascinated by "little ppl"
if i dont fall back asleep in R min...i guess ill clean...then i'll go "throw it in the bag" myself :-p
N wassup champ? lol
N let me know wassup wit the jayz thing...its a video?
so mad that i lost all my pics when my computer crashed! i need to do a photoshoot!
N i didn't shoot u down! weekends are better! but i want no part in ur Rsomes lol!!
my other phone..not this one lol
N i didn't wanna miss work for memphis!! lol lol
*blocking disrespectful losers*
N haha N is just mad cause she dont need no ky! just pull up her lil dress n slide right in!
i wonder if my daughter has school tomorrow...i really don't feel like digging my car out..where's the crackheads when u need them?!?!
N i hope the clubs don't close at R in the o
N u wish u was goin thru the holland tunnel! hahaha!!
N no men think cause everyone is tryna holla, that means u doin ur thing smh!
N hahaha i know!! arent they all tho? lol
N thanks hun ;-)
N we broke up he was tooo crazy!! i think hes bipolar lmfao!!
awwww sh*t its goin down this fri..somewhere on south beach..another N and@msdanalee collabo photoshoot! i will twit pic on location!
N yes i think there is a dresscode...and were walkin in at R if u can meet us
N lmfaooooo!!! *clapping* well what can i say..me and clothes just dont get along!
bout that time again..gotta go school shoppin for my baby! back in soccer mom mode! and yes i'm a milf N !!
N really??? let me know! comin to visit fam?
N its this sunday at the pink elephant!
#petpeeve talkin to me with ur hot ass breath!
N the mR is way hotter but dont think i could afford that lol
N she was cranky as f*ck yesterday! i told her what was comin today..she didnt believe me!! guess what she woke up with! now she in bed
N umm dont kno about that one..lol! but save some energy for sun! u kno how we do..patron!!
N bwoy u betta hide that new bb!!!
heyyy are u still alive? N
how come kids like to swim in the bathtub...like they're really goin somewhere! my baby thinks shes deep sea diving in there. lmao!
everytime i go somewhere they think my daughters my sister, and are amazed when i say she's my daughter! lol
N shes R..i'm tryna save her the embarrassment!
N uh oh r u the babysitter?
N well we had dennys in da roc..so i've had that, good breakfast! but i've yet to try sonic drinks!
N hell no what?!?
i hate when ppl brag and straight lie on twitter! don't forget some of ur followers really know u fools!!
N like dark brown, wit some lighter browns would be cute!
N not much just chillin too!!
N N N yea aight! i'm puttin the ninja suit on now!
make sure yall watch the titans whoop t.o. and the bills tonight! haha!
N aww i'm really jealous now!! i love the smurfs!
N oh u be wit the pervy old man next door...smfh! peeping toms!
goin downtown to find a bday dress wit N ...throw it in the bag style!!!
N everythings good thanks! just tearin up some food..u kno!
big shouts to the chicks who take prof pics and try to bag dudes wit the title "model" and aint neva been published! #birdbusters
N yea i'm #hatin!
N oh great i thought i was really popular! lmfaooo!!
N yo N needs  that hook up in vegas! ;-)
N N wtf are yall talkin bout?? i musta missed something!
how come its normally like a freezer in here...but when i'm workin out, the a/c never seems to kick on! yall already kno nude again!!
yes peoplert N: having a skill set might be more important than relying purely on education these days...diversify yourself..
toto i dont think we're in kansas anymore! yikes!
N leave my friend alone!!!
at the nets vs celtics game wit my mini-me and N!! yayy!!
N oh yea how could i forget that!!
N whoooops that was to u! lmfaooo oh no!
N it was effin great while it lasted!! lol
#whyursingle u always lookin for someone wit a beamer, benz or bentley..but don't have ur own beamer, benz, or bentley! real recognize real!
N too bad the big R is a distant memory for u! hahaaha! now pick ur big ass up off the floor! u old fart!
N damn $R in quarters...u tryna knock a bish out!
N lol damn that was like R hrs ago lol
N you'll never find a good girl in the club everyday!!!
N i want to so bad!! but i don't wanna come when its cold R_o
N thank u very much!
the jordans are for her btw..not me!
wtf happened wit the celtics??? whats really going on? o_o
N arent u in vegas? what the heck u been doin up since T?
N i will when i get home to my computer!
N lmfao!!! no-one ever believes me!!
N why would u do that? i didnt do anything!
N yes just drink plenty of fluids and stay in! also put cold soaks on ur body to bring it down! nursing instincts lol
N thanks hun!
on another note...yall kno what time it is.... workout time!!! get it right..get it tight!!!
this cricket really wants beef!! right outside my door again ahhhh!!!
#dontyouhate when people text u and say "hey", or "wat up"? dont u have anymore words in ur vocabulary..like wtf?
N that's better! at least u care about where u rest ur head!
#tobehonest i need to find a husband and get married first! lol
N lol yea seriously!
if ur lame ass can't get in a party #donttrytoholla and use me to get in!! buy a bottle sonn! lol
my daughter got me watchin the craziest show on animal planet..this guy will teach ur dog to ride a bike, make a bed, make pancakes, etc lol
N oh ok..i'm ready to go to mia..waitin on N to stop playin!! but i want to be here on the Rst weezy &drake concert!
N miss u too!!! thanks but idk about playboy!! i would have to show everyone my twitter!! lmfao
N i guess its keep up wit ms lee round here
N and i work hard for this bod slut! we gotta show these ppl how we don't need photoshop!
N so ur back! when are we shootin? lol
#uainthittinitright if i won't get on a plane to get that d*ck!! lol
N ima have to try that!
N i went to bed at R.thats too early for me!
N hell yeah! big time!
N make sure u pack ur sexiest freak'um dress!!! we're bout to make the haters cry on sun!!! hahahah!
someone stole this lil piece off my bumper! try to drive a nice car but ny/nj streets and ppl will have ur sh*t lookin like a hooptie :-/
N lmfaoooo! poor chuck!
N oh yea! both lol, supposedly the girl he cheated w/ released some vid from his house
N good thanks!
N sucks to be u! no good weekend breakfast?
N a lot of ppl i don't know! smh!
N i think maybe some highlights would look good on u!
N damn that huge cinnamon roll didn't fill u up??
N he did already its over now!! but yea he was crazy wit the guitar!!!
just had a great shoot with N!! now off to the airport, miami bitchezzzz!
N don't knock it til u try it! these ny nikkas got too much to prove! lol
N nah i been around! but i guess most of my tweets are responses to other ppl lol
N cause i see the wrong one on my ubertwitter!
N what the feature in the mag? thats too long ago that doesnt count!! lol
N oh man i kno...but he told me j'ville cut his ass! guess he wasnt performin good enough! for that Rmil! hahaha!
lets go! N .. #dontyouhate when a girl/guy looks all sexy and fly, then u find pimples on their ass!! ewwww!!
N i kno lol..but pizza just makes me feel so guilty! idk why! guess it has a bad rep lol
N i think i'm hostin a party next week, i'll let u know!
N hey! i do in a gated community! lol
N what a boring ass convo! "hey sexy--->hey sexy" these guys need to get their brains together! lmao
U - me tryna look sexy! hehe!
wishin i was in vegas right now...again! all work last time, didnt get to hit the pool parties :-(
N ok i'm eating a turkey sandwich lol thanks!
N yea right by the holland tunnel! lol
i hate when i workout and run out of bottled water and have to drink this jersey water! if yall dont hear from me ..call R :-/
N i'm great thanks!!
N i think i'm at a good level to punch u where it counts!
N oh whatever ur not goin on the weekend! and i don't wanna interrupt ur Rsomes! smh!
i've officially been kidnapped by N we're hittin another bbq! then manhattan tonight!!
i'm eating lemon heads bff..cherry heads lol
why am i up so early on sat?
N haha! very funny! guess thats why theres never room for our asses at ur table :-p
N i kno shes the best! i taught her well..she used to stash money in her diaper! lol
N yessir can't wait!!!
N so why dont u try some shaq sh*t and get in the ring urself! haha!
N we're havin a blizzard!
N awww lol! glad santa got u what u wanted!
wow this guy is straight beating his son in the airport, and yelling loud!! smh!
ok not going to the mall.. now i'm in full blown cleaning mode!!!
i think ur right N ..it was craazy in there last night right? why was i bored? i think i'm just tired of ny!
N thanks! moms korean, dads a mix!
N N N N N quick question: what's the plan once u kidnap us?? smh
all my followers are so sweet!! i appreciate all the luv!!!  u guys are da f*ckin best! *drake voice* lol lol
N awww thanks hun! u look fly too!!
N worddd! someone was just asking me why im deprived lol..its by choice!
the n on my touchscreen wont work! sprint can suck a fat one!!!!!
all i want for christmas is ________?!?!
N N hahaha! that was a good one clue lol
N N N lmfao! let's see if he bags some bitches wit that!
#imaddictedR carmex or blistex for my lips!! lol who else is?? yall know that sh*t is like crack!
N its by N we're shootin again sun! let the rest of the girls kno he's the bomb n very professional!
N u comin to my bday party punk?
N hottt!! i always wanted to do my living room that color! but it doesnt match my furniture
a preview of my shiny buns lol..still needs a lil editing tho! U
pilates + my legs n butt = ouucch! :-(
N dayum..sounds like u need an order of protection!!!
N she might just be playin hard to get lol
N they prob all married smh
N ewww no! i dont need to!
N fck u doin up so early?
did u kno that vhR gives u a psych test bR they cast u! they pick the mentally unstable ones! how do they feel about casting a killer. smfh!
so let me introduce myself to the girls/stalkers..hi im dana lee..im a single mother who has R careers model/nurse..
N lmao thats only two of them!
N i was actually gonna twitpic that one but forgot!
N aww thanks! we had a great day!
N me too!! wit cream cheese frosting!! yum!
watchin intervention, this sh*t is crazy! kids sniffing dusting products...wtf?!?
ahhhh my bed...i love my bed! im glad i sleep alone..get the whole bed to myself!(except when my baby girl jumps in and kicks me @ nite) lol
thanks for all the new followers! N ;-)
N too early! im more of an evening worker outer lol
N u comin tonight hun?
N omg that's disgusting!!! lmao
now we're swaggin and surfin!! we've befriended the hater!!!
N whoooops!! sorry i be forgettin everyone can read this ish! but i will definitely hit u!
N yea girl im done wit school...i am officially a registered nurse now...sexy nurse (as everyone else calls me) lol
#clubrules brush ur teeth before u go..if u at the bar, i shouldn't be able to smell ur breath from a table! thanks!
N we're just greedy as fck! and we have expensive appetites haha!
